ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/validators/Validator.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.validators.Validator
ro/ubb/socket/common/service/ClientService.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.service.ClientService
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/validators/RestaurantException.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.validators.RestaurantException
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/validators/RestaurantValidator.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.validators.RestaurantValidator
ro/ubb/socket/common/service/OrderService.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.service.OrderService
ro/ubb/socket/common/service/RestaurantService.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.service.RestaurantService
ro/ubb/socket/common/service/DishService.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.service.DishService
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/validators/OrderValidator.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.validators.OrderValidator
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/validators/AddressValidator.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.validators.AddressValidator
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/validators/ClientValidator.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.validators.ClientValidator
ro/ubb/socket/common/service/Service.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.service.Service
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/validators/ExtraFunctions.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.validators.ExtraFunctions
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/BaseEntity.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.BaseEntity
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/validators/ValidatorException.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.validators.ValidatorException
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/Client.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.Client
ro/ubb/socket/common/service/AddressService.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.service.AddressService
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/OptionalObj.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.OptionalObj
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/Restaurant.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.Restaurant
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/Order.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.Order
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/validators/DishValidator.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.validators.DishValidator
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/Address.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.Address
ro/ubb/socket/common/domain/Dish.java
 ro.ubb.socket.common.domain.Dish
